update hierarchical estimate of sigma_site in `model_definition` (#120)
CDCgov/ww-inference-model: model_definition.md

$$\log[c_{ijt}] \sim \mathrm{Normal}(\log[M_{ij} C_i(t)], \sigma_{cij})$$

Both $M_{ij}$ and $\sigma_{cij}$ are estimated hierarchically such that:

$$\log(M_{ij}) \sim \mathrm{Normal}(0, \sigma_m)$$

such that $M_{ij}$ is centered around 1 and

> $$\log(\sigma_{cij}) \sim \mathrm{Normal}(\log(mode_{\sigma}), \sigma_{ c, \log})$$

Reviewer: Can we notate the mode and sd for $\log(\sigma\_{cij)}$ differently? Maybe something like $\hat{\sigma}\_c$ for the mode and $\sigma\_{\log \sigma\_c}$ for the sd?

> $$\log(\sigma_{cij}) \sim \mathrm{Normal}(\hat{\sigma}\_c, \sigma\_{\log \sigma\_c})$$

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$$\log(\sigma_{cij}) \sim \mathrm{Normal}(\log(\hat{\sigma}\_c), \sigma\_{\log \sigma\_c})$$
```

> See [Prior Distributions](#prior-distributions) for prior valies on $\sigma_m$, $\log(mode_{\sigma})$ and $\sigma_{ c, \log}$.

Reviewer: See previous comment.

> See [Prior Distributions](#prior-distributions) for prior valies on $\sigma_m$, $\hat{\sigma}\_c$ and $\sigma\_{\log \sigma\_c}$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Prior Distributions](#prior-distributions) for priors on $\sigma_m$, $\hat{\sigma}\_c$ and $\sigma\_{\log \sigma\_c}$.
```

| Initial exponential growth rate | $r \sim \mathrm{Normal}(0, 0.01)$ | Chosen to assume flat dynamics prior to observations |
| Infection feedback term | $\gamma \sim \mathrm{logNormal}(6.37, 0.4)$ | Weakly informative prior chosen to have a mode of 500 in natural scale, based on posterior estimates of peaks from prior seasons in a few jurisdictions |
| Day of the week effects | $\frac{\vec{\omega}}{7} \sim \mathrm{Dirichlet}(5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5)$ | Weakly informative prior with a mode at even daily reporting (no effects) |

> | Standard deviation in  the log of the site-lab level multiplier $M_{ij}$ | $\sigma_m \sim \mathrm{Normal}(0, 0.25) $| Weakly informative prior chosen to allow average magnitude of  concentrations to deviate |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Standard deviation of the log of the site-lab level multiplier $M_{ij}$ | $\sigma_m \sim \mathrm{Normal}(0, 0.25) $ | Weakly informative prior chosen to allow average magnitude of concentrations to be either similar or different among individual sites, depending on data |
```

> | Standard deviation in the log of the mode of the standard deviation between site-lab level standard deviations| $\log(mode_{\sigma}) \sim \mathrm{Normal}(1,1)$ | Weakly informative prior chosen to allow site-lab level standard deviations to vary |

Reviewer: Not the log of the mode, just the mode. And it's just the modal observation error s.d.

```suggestion
| Mode of the site-level observation standard deviation | $mode_{\sigma} \sim \mathrm{Normal}(1,1)$ | Weakly informative prior chosen to allow site-lab level standard deviations to vary |
```

> | Mode of the site-level observation standard deviation | $\hat{\sigma}\_c \sim \mathrm{Normal}(1,1)$ | Weakly informative prior chosen to allow site-lab level standard deviations to vary |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Modal site-level observation standard deviation | $\hat{\sigma}\_c \sim \mathrm{Normal}(1,1)$ | Weakly informative prior chosen to allow the mode to be either small or large |
```

> | Standard deviation in the log of the standard deviation of site-lab level standard deviations| $\sigma_{c,\log} \sim \mathrm{Normal}(0, log(2))$ | Weakly informative prior which allows observed concentrations to vary between 1/4 and 4x the mean concentration |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Standard deviation for the Normal distribution of individual log site-lab observation standard deviations about the modal observation s.d. | $\sigma_{c,\log} \sim \mathrm{Normal}(0, log(2))$ | Weakly informative prior which allows for individual s.d.s to be either clustered around the mode or highly dispersed |
```

> | Standard deviation for the Normal distribution of individual log site-lab observation standard deviations about the modal observation s.d. | $\sigma\_{\log \sigma\_c} \sim \mathrm{Normal}(0, log(2))$ | Weakly informative prior which allows for individual s.d.s to be either clustered around the mode or highly dispersed |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Standard deviation of the Normal distribution of individual log observation standard deviations $\log(\sigma\_{cij})$ (site-lab combination specific, with an inferred modal s.d. $\hat{\sigma}\_c}$ | $\sigma\_{\log \sigma\_c} \sim \mathrm{Normal}(0, \log(2))$ | Weakly informative prior which allows for individual s.d.s to be either clustered around the mode or more dispersed |
```
